all right before you freak out about
this video being in vertical there is a
very good reason for it
to make content for snapchat discover
where people watch videos on their
phones like this so for you to have the
best viewing experience on this video
make sure you're watching on your phone
this is one of the best stories we've
ever told it was done in Japan a few
months ago and I hope you enjoy who
decided to climb that for you since
we're in Japan sorry the season but we
have an experienced blender we're all
gonna die we've taken a lot of risks
before done kicked off cliff scale
abandoned rollercoasters dangled off
rooftops and Cuba but this time across
the line all right so with 48 hours left
in Japan no professional experience
completely under equipped during
offseason we decided to climb Mount Fuji
highest mountain in the country peaking
at twelve thousand three hundred eighty
eight feet that's gigantic and lonely
volcano represents of the Japanese
people an embodiment of the very spirit
of nature the problem is we're currently
in off season for high games since the
top is covered in ice everyone we spoke
to told us not to do it and make them
our experience much an earing friend was
not sold on the idea either we don't
know if we can get the big snowstorm
running on right now the man we don't
know the conditions so getting to the
top of there because it's offseason just
snowed and left our Kim Berman actually
is it like a professional mountain
climber and the problem is that the
trails are all closed off so we're
because I guess taking your RISM weekend
had promising conditions that encouraged
us to give the climate ride we were told
that having crampons and ice axes was
imperative if we wanted to stand a
chance of seminole we could afford was
hiking boots poles and microscopes the
big day was now upon us right now we are
heading to mount 3 we have very little
climbing
we're going on offseason no no no I
think it's going to be either we can't
climb it because there's ice in gate or
we get to the top two and a half hours
just flooded I thought we hit the road
and as we were getting closer things
were starting to feel very real all
right baby look at the passion in this
guy's eyes making stuff up in my head
this is way bigger way it's completely
barred there's someone here there's like
you speak English I smell
five hours six media they only senior
well the closed Road in danger warnings
we were left with an impossible decision
but we had to make a judgment call when
your slide on tops no you can kick with
your legs when you saw tonight you the
ice axe test all for us right she says I
heard if we go up right now we wouldn't
have a good assessment of the snow so we
can't hit that at the dark and assess
anything we ended up having to pull an
all-nighter to then drive up into this
to be am fog at the trailhead the
adrenaline had us more excited than ever
and we were ready to begin our quest to
summit Mount Fuji I never thought I
would ever come to Japan and actually
that was the first mountain I knew the
name up top of the tub he's young joshie
that's real close I kept on trying to
come completely blown up and they had a
blizzard they got like two meters of
snow after three hours of hiking we
reached the snow and even though the
months and years we cross paths we all
had ice axes and crampons the sunshine
had made the snow softer and slushing so
we decided to give it a shot with our
micro spikes hopefully this will move
it's Matt right there we're getting
closer and closer to the top let me show
you this is where we have left ahead of
us my niece you like if you're like
mashed potatoes might be the right word
it's very steep and snowy ice patches
rocks and make sure we pace ourselves oh
yeah this the biggest physical towns
I've ever had after eight hours of
climbing a combination of low oxygen and
exhaustion took a Mar down to his knees
right you can help spinning back up yep
whoa yeah I'm pretty sure on that one
that's a power point doesn't feel the up
here suddenly all go away now like
any exertion any this will be probably
high so if you look like I will ever do
in my life after a half hour at the top
we had to hurry down to make it before
sunset extreme measures were necessary
oh my god
I'm pretty sure this is where we came up
yeah
after an hour of but sliding our way
down we made a big mistake we're
completely off the trail and you're
throwing us this fog and clouds
everywhere mark but it's not a drill
we're not going to go lift so you crazy
without Lea we have no idea how far it
goes from the kids to the park
[Music]
we had hoped for a smooth finish of a
tiring hike but those hopes were long
gone then we had no clue which
directions make the clear test for our
side right powers I think we should all
take off our hats and and I promised we
will find a way let's blend away
accident we got this let's be very like
we give ourselves another 100 meters
vertical down and then we start to like
to drink lots and you have a goodness of
the night here Nathan
Jennifer delicious this is what we're
following the stickers on the teeth and
went that way we still haven't found
anything displayed he's not getting any
better
we were walking in desperation hoping to
run into other Mountaineers
I think there's something up there
Thailand in this happy in America class
is something this looks very unpaved it
looks like an old trail no one's used in
a while danger of falling rocks please
take the covered passageway
so we thought we were on the right trail
we're actually on a collapsed trail from
the blizzard two days ago all of this
collapsed considering that these
landslides have been two days ago any of
this could still be moving we get to see
both sides of nature the super-pretty
summit you know with everyone having fun
and fists which is oculus yeah happened
like overnight
update number one 102 we have the trails
let me walk straight out of it are we
gonna get are we going to be able to
pack oh that looks like a road oh I
remember this I believe in hope this is
the final stretch just [ __ ] see me
all night
Wow
[Music]
No